Natural language (#13634)
kyma-project/kyma: components/connector-service/README.md

- **central** is the flag that determines whether the Connector Service works in the central mode.

> - **revocationConfigMapName** is the name of the ConfigMap containing the revoked certificates list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **revocationConfigMapName** is the name of the Config Map containing the revoked certificates list.
```
